my guest tonight works tirelessly to
bring us the news and now he is the news
here to tell us about his coronavirus
diagnosis and how he saved his wife
Ally's life from Good Morning America
George Stephanopoulos George Jimmy well
that is not the way she sees that I
should just tell you that right now
I think of you as a hero no matter how
she sees it how are you doing I'm
feeling fine this is kind of a weird one
you know Ali had had a pretty tough case
she was she was in bed for a couple of
weeks but I've never had a fever never
had a cough never had shortness of
breath no chills the only thing I could
think of is one day a couple now it's
almost three weeks ago I had a little
bit of lower back pain and went to bed
early and that was it I mean and then I
was able no no sense of smell for about
a day but that was like several weeks
ago and since then just nothing beyond
that
why did you wind up getting tested
because you were planning to go back to
work
well yeah Benji I mean I wanted to make
sure eventually when I went back to work
that I was absolutely negative and so I
actually I was pretty surprised that it
turned out positive even the technician
when she called to say so said yeah we
don't get it because when I went in I
don't know my temperature was 97 my
oxygen was 99
she said we were surprised too but there
you go but you are working you're
anchoring Good Morning America from what
your dining room is that where you are
yeah I mean I'm in the living room now
but I'm again looking at the diver dude
from the dining room what is that like
is it has the has everything stopped in
the house for that or are you there's no
there's no sleeping it during GMA times
so that helps right I think I stand as
the carbs going nuts and seeing a
squirrel in the backyard a little bit
crazy
worked around it so your number one
issue is squirrels right now squirrels
and here and here who is doing your hair
you know did you tell them I stopped I'm
doing mine as well and it's embarrassing
you even talked about who's doing your
hair but I know that typically at your
work place you've got three people you
got one
person does your hair and one for each
eyebrow yes take a lot of work so how
are your daughters doing I know you have
two teenage daughters are they okay
great they're watching this right now
they're singing across the room and you
know they're doing the distance learning
thing now they're on their laptops all
day complaining about homework do you
know everything is going well and
they've also turned me on to love island
oh you're watching love island huh yeah
annals of bad parenting right there well
it's Ally up and around her she's still
like et at the end of the movie oh there
she is hi Ally
hey cake I'm I did want to talk to you I
really want to talk he's good wheat you
mind we take a break and we'll come back
and talk to Ali and George of course
teaser teaser that's right we'll be
right back
we are chatting with George
Stephanopoulos and Ally Wentworth both
of whom will have the coronavirus and
you both look great you look real good
it gives me hope Ali you had it really
bad
right it's it's funny because which is
very indicative of our lives
I get Corona and I'm deathly ill for
three weeks with a high fever and
sweating and achy like you know and
going crazy like Martin Sheen and
Apocalypse Now and George gets it and he
has no symptoms does that annoy you that
George like he wasn't able to smell
Cologne for an hour we will probably
take a separate weekend away DeGeorge
take good care of you like how did it
work would you ring a bell if you needed
something he just knew he instinctually
knew when I needed to have my
temperature taken or you didn't have to
like bathe me or anything but he was he
brought me food and chicken soup
lemonade and he was actually a rock star
Oh
I know that's always been your dream
it's not lucky Ali how long were you in
your bedroom how long were you actually
confined to the bedroom 16 days I would
say 16 days yeah holy cow and how do you
handle that what do you what are you
doing in there
first of all you're basically just
focused on getting healthy right and
getting you're basically sleeping and
taking Tylenol PM and I watched all
seven seasons of Mad Men and in my
delirium I actually believed I thought I
was married to John Hamm and he was
cheating on me George
and so now George is quarantined whether
we're in a and you know we assume that
there's no way you can get it now right
I mean because you've had it you're why
you want me to your grocery shopping no
but I do like the idea and of course I
don't want to get this but I love the
idea and you guys are in a great
position now because you can walk
amongst humanity as if you have some
kind of superpowers
you are invulnerable to the virus now
and that seems like it would be a great
thing to feel if it's true yeah if it's
true yeah yeah believe me people have
people have been emailing me about
things that they want me to pick up
either of you heard from other
coronavirus victims like Tom Hanks or
Idris Elba or the virgin bachelor Colton
anyone like that I wish I heard from
Peter Silva but um I did talk to people
who had it and they were really helpful
telling me you know make sure you drink
a lot of orange juice and rest and that
kind of stuff was great and I'm telling
you right now on Jimmy Kimmel that you
can DMB on Instagram if you have
and you're scared or you want any sort
of pointers you know Gayle King was like
where did you get it and I said I have
no idea I could have gotten it from
romaine lettuce and then she texts me
back do you think you got it from
romaine lettuce like suddenly everybody
knew people knew somebody that had it
and so they caught all the information
you know and then right I heard some
people I haven't heard from in a
trillion years you know like suddenly my
ex-boyfriends cannot care whether I live
or die but would it be interesting if
after all of this we find out that it
was romaine lettuce behind this whole
deal
no more Caesars people anyway so we
don't really care well first of all I'm
glad you guys are okay so Ali I'm sorry
you went through that George I'm sorry
you're not going through that because it
would being for a more interesting
segment no I'm happy that you're not
going to that but each night I've asked
our guests to pick a charity I'll make a
donation to that charity and research I
used to do that to what charity have
used you selected I really hope people
continue and learn more about it's
called r.i.p medical debt and what they
do is they figure out a way for every
dollar you didn't donate they retire a
hundred dollars of somebody's medical
debt so every donate dollar donation
goes a long way and we all know now
especially in the wake of this crisis
they're gonna be a lot more people
facing surprise medical bills so this is
a terrific charity we've been big
supporters for a while and it does
incredible work well thank you both for
being with us tonight the first couple
of the coronavirus ladies and gentlemen
Kelly Wentworth George Stephanopoulos
thanks again I will take care of